Mallory in the Middle

 Yes, no, maybe. I don't know. Can you repeat the question?

by Stefan Tomanek <stefan.tomanek@wertarbyte.de>


"Mallory in the Middle" is a man-in-the-middle tool designed to intercept SSH
connections by utilizing leaked host keys. SSH host keys are supposed to be
unique and secret, but some became public knowledge, either due to
configuration mismanagement, lack of entropy during generation or just
warehouses of embedded devices being shipped with identical keys. An arbitrary
number of these keys can be loaded into Mallory.

Once ready, Mallory waits for incoming connections on a listing port;
connections can be redirected either by using iptables on the local machine
with the REDIRECT target or by guiding them through a SOCKS connection. That
way, connections can be redirected from a different machine/router to the
system running mallory (e.g. by using redsocks).

Once an SSH connection is intercepted, Mallory contacts the initial target and
retrieves the host key fingerprint. It then checks its own key database for a
matching key: if it is found, it starts the SSH negotiation with the client and
prints the supplied credentials (username/password) before indicating an
authentication error to the client. If no matching key is found, Mallory cannot
pose as the intended server and acts as a transparent TCP proxy to allow the
connection to succeed unhindered.


Examples:

These two commands redirect every SSH connection traversing the system through
the mitm-proxy with all the keys recursively loaded from the directory 'keys/':

 iptables -t nat -A PREROUTING -p tcp --dport 22 -j REDIRECT --to-destination 12345

 ./mallory.py --port 12345 keys/

If you want to use SOCKS to direct connections to the proxy and make Mallory
use a specific IP address for outgoing connections:

 ./mallory.py --port 12345 --socks --outaddr 192.168.0.23 keys/

You can also advice mallory to auto-generate keys for unknown hosts and/or intercept
all SSH connections without looking at the real server at all:

 ./mallory.py --port 12345 --autokeygen --blindcatch

Only allow incoming connections from a set of hosts:

 ./mallory.py --port 12345 --socks --client 192.168.0.4 --client 192.168.0.5 keys/

Only forward connections to a set of destination ports:

 ./mallory.py --port 12345 --socks --dport 22 --dport 80 keys/


This tool was written for demonstration purposes only: do not use it otherwise.
Always check the fingerprint before connecting to your server. SSH responsibly.
